journal/_build/html/_sources/sampleWebsiteFormat/sampleAuthorPage.md, before:

# FILE PATH: 
1. In the authors folder, make a folder for the author (eg authors > wyethRenwick)
2. In the author's specific folder (eg wyethRenwick), make an author page following this file's format (eg wyethRenwick.md)
3. In the author folder, include the author headshot, poster, and any other materials linked only on the author page 

# NOTES: 
- "Contributor" is a position
- Put the most recent issues / positions at the top of the Positions list (so the bottom of the list should be the least recent positions held)
- If no college commit yet, take out the college section
- Make sure files associated with the author are labelled with their name (wyethRenwick.jpeg, wyethRenwickPoster.png)
- All downloadables/links should be in the first margin section, and all positions held should be in the section margin section. (If it's not in the position list, it should be in the margin section above)
- Like the Positions List, the first margin section should also be reverse-chronologically (the bottom of the list should be the least recent posters/TedTalks/etc)

-----  

```{image} name.jpeg
:height: 100px
:align: left
```

# Full Name

Marlborough YEAR
| College YEAR

``` {margin}

Download her YEAR poster [here](PATH TO POSTER FILE).

Watch her YEAR Ted Talk [here](LINK TO RECORDING).

```

```{margin} Positions

Position1, Position 2 | *Issue X+1 (YEAR)*

Position1, Position2 | *Issue X (YEAR)*

```

```{admonition} Articles
:class: abstract

[TITLE](PATH TO ARTICLE PAGE)
| *Issue X (YEAR)*

```

Commit message:

issue 1 basically done ooh that rhymes

journal/_build/html/_sources/sampleWebsiteFormat/sampleAuthorPage.md, after:

# FILE PATH: 
1. In the authors folder, make a folder for the author (eg authors > wyethRenwick)
2. In the author's specific folder (eg wyethRenwick), make an author page following this file's format (eg wyethRenwick.md)
3. In the author folder, include the author headshot, poster, and any other materials linked only on the author page 

# NOTES: 
- "Contributor" is a position
- Put the most recent issues / positions at the top of the Positions list (so the bottom of the list should be the least recent positions held)
- If no college commit yet, take out the college section
- Make sure files associated with the author are labelled with their name (wyethRenwick.jpeg, wyethRenwick2024Poster.png)
- All downloadables/links should be in the first margin section, and all positions held should be in the section margin section. (If it's not in the position list, it should be in the margin section above)
- Like the Positions List, the first margin section should also be reverse-chronologically (the bottom of the list should be the least recent posters/TedTalks/etc)

-----  

```{image} name.jpeg
:height: 100px
:align: left
```

# Full Name

Marlborough YEAR
| College YEAR

``` {margin}

Read her Issue X (YEAR) letter from the editor [here](PATH TO LETTER HERE).

Download her YEAR poster [here](PATH TO POSTER FILE).

Watch her 2024 TedxMarlborough talk [here](LINK TO RECORDING).

```

```{margin} Positions

Position1, Position 2 | *Issue X+1 (YEAR)*

Position1, Position2 | *Issue X (YEAR)*

```

```{admonition} Articles
:class: abstract

[TITLE](PATH TO ARTICLE PAGE)
| *Issue X (YEAR)*

```
