journal/_build/html/_sources/sampleWebsiteFormat/sampleArticle.md, before:

# FILE PATH: 
1. In the journal folder, make a folder for the issue (eg journal > issue1)
2. In the issue's folder, make a folder for each section (eg issue 1 > sciences && issue 1 > humanities)
- Humanities & Social Sciences papers can all be in the same section
3. In the section's folder, make a folder for each article (eg issue 1 > humanities > renwickGender)
4. In the article's specific folder, make an article page following this file's format (eg renwickGender.md)
5. In the article's specific folder, include the article's full text pdf (eg renwickGender.pdf) and any other downloadables specific to the article (eg a database the author created for the article)

# NOTES: 
- The article's date of publication should be written day, month, year: 25 April 2024
- Include in the name of the article folder and any affiliated files the author's last name, and then a key word or phrase to sum up their article (eg renwickGender.md, renwickGender.pdf)
- If the paper was not produced for a class, delete that section 

-----

# Title

*[Author Name](PATH TO AUTHOR PAGE)*
| Published online DATE
| CLASS THE PAPER WAS PRODUCED FOR

```{margin} Access Options

Download the full paper [here](PATH TO PAPER).

```

```{admonition} Abstract
:class: abstract

INSERT ABSTRACT
```


## References

INSERT REFERENCES

Commit message:

issue 1 basically done ooh that rhymes

journal/_build/html/_sources/sampleWebsiteFormat/sampleArticle.md, after:

# FILE PATH: 
1. In the journal folder, make a folder for the issue (eg journal > issue1)
2. In the issue's folder, make a folder for each section (eg issue 1 > sciences && issue 1 > humanities)
- Humanities & Social Sciences papers can all be in the same section
3. In the section's folder, make a folder for each article (eg issue 1 > humanities > renwickGender)
4. In the article's specific folder, make an article page following this file's format (eg renwickGender.md)
5. In the article's specific folder, include the article's full text pdf (eg renwickGender.pdf) and any other downloadables specific to the article (eg a database the author created for the article)

# NOTES: 
- The article's date of publication should be written day, month, year: 25 April 2024
- Include in the name of the article folder and any affiliated files the author's last name, and then a key word or phrase to sum up their article (eg renwickGender.md, renwickGender.pdf)
- If the paper was not produced for a class, delete that section 
- Website editors are usually the only ones who look in depth into people's references, so we are also de-facto bibliography editors - check for spelling mistakes, consistency (eg in date format), missing punctuation, capitalization issues, etc. 
- Remember to add the article page to the toc.yml file so that it'll show up in the sidebar

-----

# Title

*[Author Name](PATH TO AUTHOR PAGE)*
| Published online DATE
| CLASS THE PAPER WAS PRODUCED FOR

```{margin} Access Options

Download the full paper [here](PATH TO PAPER).

```

```{admonition} Abstract
:class: abstract

INSERT ABSTRACT
```


## References

INSERT REFERENCES
